`azurerm_storage_account` - Extend the support level of `(blob|queue|share)_properties` for `Storage` kind (#25427)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/storage_account.html.markdown

* `queue_properties` - (Optional) A `queue_properties` block as defined below.

> ~> **NOTE:** `queue_properties` can only be set for `Standard` (`account_tier`) `StorageV2` (`account_kind`) Storage Accounts.

Reviewer: Perhaps this'd be clearer as:

```suggestion
~> **NOTE:** `queue_properties` can only be configured when `account_tier` is set to `Standard` and `account_kind` is set to `StorageV2` Storage Accounts.
```

(assuming I've inferred that correctly from the message)?

> ~> **NOTE:** `queue_properties` can only be configured when `account_tier` is set to `Standard` and `account_kind` is set to `Storage(V2)`.

Reviewer: The value for the constant is `StorageV2` and not `Storage(V2)`?

```suggestion
~> **NOTE:** `queue_properties` can only be configured when `account_tier` is set to `Standard` and `account_kind` is set to either `Storage` or `StorageV2`.
```

> ~> **NOTE:** `queue_properties` can only be configured when `account_tier` is set to `Standard` and `account_kind` is set to `StorageV2` Storage Accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> **NOTE:** `queue_properties` can only be configured when `account_tier` is set to `Standard` and `account_kind` is set to `StorageV2`.
```

we can ditch `Storage Accounts` here?

* `static_website` - (Optional) A `static_website` block as defined below.

~> **NOTE:** `static_website` can only be set when the `account_kind` is set to `StorageV2` or `BlockBlobStorage`.

* `share_properties` - (Optional) A `share_properties` block as defined below.

> ~> **NOTE:** `share_properties` can only be set for `Standard` (`account_tier`) `StorageV2` (`account_kind`) or `Premium` (`account_tier`) `FileStorage` (`account_kind`) Storage Accounts.

Reviewer: (as above) I think we could probably reword this to be clearer, are these two combinations (Standard+StorageV2 and Premium+FileStorage)? If so:

```suggestion
~> **NOTE:** `share_properties` can only be configured when either `account_tier` is `Standard` and `account_kind` is `StorageV2` - or when `account_tier` is `Premium` and `account_kind` is `FileStorage`.
```

> ~> **NOTE:** `share_properties` can only be configured when either `account_tier` is `Standard` and `account_kind` is `Storage(V2)` - or when `account_tier` is `Premium` and `account_kind` is `FileStorage`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> **NOTE:** `share_properties` can only be configured when either `account_tier` is `Standard` and `account_kind` is either `Storage` or `StorageV2` - or when `account_tier` is `Premium` and `account_kind` is `FileStorage`.
```
